[13.0][ADD] partner_credit_limit_history: Add credit limit field in partners and history limit (#142)
OCA/credit-control: partner_credit_limit_history/README.rst

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fcredit--control-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/credit-control/tree/13.0/partner_credit_limit_history
    :alt: OCA/credit-control
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/credit-control-13-0/credit-control-13-0-partner_credit_limit_history
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/262/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> This module adds the credit limit field in partners and change history. Add also a button in partners to modify credit limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds the credit limit field in partners and change history.
It also modify the flow for modifying credit limit, forcing to click a button 
and fill some information for changing the credit limit.
```

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to Contacts
#. Create or edit some partner
#. Go to "Change limit" button (in Sales & Purchase tab) and set some value and note

> #. Credit limit have changed and credit history have previous modification

Reviewer: Put here where do you see such history.
